Restructure configuring out-of-order docs (#2391)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/configure/configuring-out-of-order-samples-ingestion.md

# Configuring out-of-order samples ingestion

> Grafana Mimir allows ingesting out-of-order samples from 2.2 release onwards. It is currently an experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an experimental feature, Mimir allows you to ingest out-of-order samples.
```
* Remove reference to version because the docs themselves are versioned.
* Remove embedded future promises.

> Grafana Mimir allows ingesting out-of-order samples from 2.2 release onwards. It is currently an experimental feature.

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to put expermental in **bold** text?

> ## Configuring out-of-order samples ingestion instance wide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure out-of-order samples ingestion-instance-wide
```
I think that "ingestion-instance-wide" is a single concept. Is that accurate?

Author: instance-wide is a single concept. I will make it `ingestion instance-wide`

So you should expect some difference in results if you happen to run the raw query of the recording rule. The difference highly depends on your out-of-order ingestion pattern.

If you happen to have a shorter `out_of_order_time_window`, say less than 10 minutes, then you can use `-ruler.evaluation-delay-duration` to delay your rule evaluation up to that time.

> ## Meaning of out-of-order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understand out-of-order
```

> Grafana Mimir and the Prometheus TSDB understand out-of-order as follows.

Reviewer 3: How about instead of "understand out-of-order as follows" we say something like "previously, Mimir and Prometheus TSDB had a couple of rules over what timestamps are accepted" ?

> The moment that a new series sample arrives, Mimir need to determine if the series already exists, and whether or not the sample is too old:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moment that a new series sample arrives, Mimir needs to determine if the series already exists, and whether or not the sample is too old:
```

- If the series exists, the incoming sample must have a newer timestamp than the latest sample that is stored for the series.

>   Otherwise, it is considered out-of-order and will be dropped by the ingesters.

Reviewer 3: It won't be dropped if out-of-order is turned on, right?

>   Otherwise, it is considered out-of-order and will be dropped by the ingesters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Otherwise, the ingesters consider it to be out-of-order, and drop it.
```
What is doing the considering? The ingesters?

Reviewer: Alternatively and if the ingesters are not doing the considering, "Otherwise, the ... consider it to be out-of-order, and the ingesters drop it."

> - If the series does not exist, then the sample has to be within bounds, which go back 1 hour from TSDB's head-block max time (when using 2 hour block range). If it fails to be within bounds, then it is also considered out-of-bounds and will be dropped by the ingesters.

Reviewer 3: This has nothing to do with out-of-order.  One bit of code ends up solving two distinct problems for a user - out of order, or out of bounds.

Author: Do you suggest I remove this point?

Author: I think I can extend this point mentioning this solution solves this problem as well.

> **Note:** If you're writing metrics using Prometheus remote write or the Grafana Agent, then out-of-order samples are unexpected.
> Prometheus and Grafana Agent guarantee that samples are written in-order for the same series.

> If you have out-of-order samples due to the nature of your architecture or the system that is being observed, then you can configure Grafana Mimir to set an out-of-order time-window threshold for how old samples can be ingested.

Reviewer 3: This sentence could go back to the top of the page as an introduction.

> As a result, none of the preceding samples will be dropped if they are within the configured time window.

Reviewer 3: What does "preceding" mean here?
